Welcome to this episode of the Iowa blog.
I'm your host, Craig Nguyen.
I have done my best to ignore what
has been an exceedingly bitter experience
by a woman who is clinically diagnosed as
a psychopath.
who was once involved in support of the
Yadaya series of books, Yadaya website,
and what was at the time Yadaya radio.
She found her way into my company because
she was part of a conspiracy cult that
obviously she never left.
There was a brief period of time where
she appeared to befriend my wife only to
turn on her multiple times, rob her,
and then try to trash my wife's
reputation.
This is the most reprehensible person I
may have ever known in my life.
And I've known a lot of reprehensible
people.
This is a individual who I did more
for than anyone in her life by her
own admission.
When she claimed that her life was
miserable and that she said that everyone
thought she was stupid and that she was
hated by her parents, by her step-parents,
by her children, by her husband,
by everyone that had ever met her.
I tried to help her.
When she clung to the mythology of
conspiracy,
I tried to draw her out of it.
When she claimed that she was broke and
she needed money to leave her husband
because her husband was beating her,
my wife and I provided help.
many, many thousands of dollars.
Turns out it wasn't true.
When we had her manage media for the
Yada Yawa message,
we gave her many thousands of dollars and
saw nothing for it.
And she, all the while,
was positioning people, as psychopaths do,
to reject everything that they had learned
and benefited from me,
which I had given freely over the previous
ten to fifteen years.
All luring them in for her
self-aggrandizement.
And then as the victimizer,
there's the person that had been treated
better than she had ever been treated in
her life by me and by no man
had ever treated her better in her entire
life.
I mean, no one even close.
And the things she provided was not just
to turn on me,
not just to lure people who were important
to me away.
but then spend the next year of her
life trying to trash me.
I wouldn't have a word to say about
her if she hadn't created sites that are
specifically designed to trash the...
...twenty-four years of work that comprise
the thirty-five books under Yada Yawa.
Oh, but she has.
She actually has a site specifically
designed to trash my books.
Books that she learned everything that she
knows about God from.
And that site exists to repudiate me
personally and my wife.
Worse yet, she slanders Yahweh's name.
She has done every manner of horrible
things to me, to my wife,
to covenant members,
to those she lured into her cult,
depriving them of everything that should
matter just for her own
self-aggrandizement so she could rip them
off as well.
And my preference was to ignore her,
to ignore them,
But unfortunately, they won't go away.
They continue to double down.
They continue to post absolute rubbish on
their site.
They get their jollies out of tearing my
reputation apart.
Fortunately, they're dumb as a stone.
So they don't fool many people,
but there are a lot of embittered people
out there that cling to that kind of
stuff, that lap it up like it's lemonade.
I'll give you an idea.
Over the last two or three days,
I have pursued a series called Gabor.
And in that series,
we have gone through the thirty third,
thirty fourth and thirty fifth series.
Mismore, Psalms of Yahweh.
We have deduced insights that have never
been seen before,
never been presented before.
Even coming to hear that Yahweh said,
there is a Goy who is going to
show the way to the benefits of the
relationship and that his God is Yahweh.
You're looking at the first and only
person to have done that.
And then in the thirty-fifth,
it's an overt denunciation of everything
that this woman's cult has attempted.
You see, my preference, as I've said,
is to ignore them.
Yahweh's is not.
Now,
while I don't back down from a fight,
I'll never start one.
Never started a fight in my life.
Haven't started the fight with them.
wouldn't say a word about them if they
just go away.
But they won't, they can't.
And they put their trash right in my
face.
They use my name,
hashtagging it all over their condemning
site because anyone searching for me,
they want to get to them.
They want to poison the well.
They want to destroy twenty-four years of
work on behalf of Yahweh and his beloved
son.
Doesn't mean anything to them that they're
destroying lives.
And she's been poisoning the world for a
while.
But Yahweh and his beloved son, Dode,
who is the actual Messiah and son of
God, our savior,
are not as accommodating as I am.
I'm not particularly fond of fools and I
don't suffer fools well.
And if somebody wants to pick a fight
in my face, I'll respond.
But Yahweh and Dode,
They are disgusted.
And every time that these nincompoops come
up with their next ploy,
then God is right there with an answer.
Let me give you the example I was
gonna give,
that I began to share with you.
Over the last few days,
I have shared insights into Gabor.
Dode is a Gabor.
He is a confident and capable man.
And as I was doing so,
and I went through the third,
thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth mizmor,
we came to one of the most insightful,
prophetic passages that you will find
anywhere in the Torah, Prophets,
and Psalms.
It is in second Samuel six.
And I presented it in a way that
no one had previously considered.
sharing how important it was for Dode as
our king and returning king to properly
position the Ark of the Covenant,
not only in the city of Dode,
but on top of the Temple Mount under
the Tent of the Restoring Witness,
and how this process began with the cart,
which is an unusual process for the
movement of the Ark,
to have been pulled by a bakar,
a bull,
and spoke to why that was important,
because prophetically it will be this bull
that ultimately repositions the Ark of the
Covenant for Dode.
And only the bull.
And yes.
And Dode did not respond well when a
man whose name, yeah,
was changed to a woman's.
interfered tried to grab hold of it for
herself he wanted to write himself into
the story you see and yeah i said
no you're you're not going to do this
very much like yeah responded to miriam
when miriam said we also speak for god
and god says no you don't he says
it's as if your father spit in your
face you're now stricken with leprosy you
were estranged from this community
In fact,
the most embittering experience of the
Israelites is where Miriam was buried.
It's called the waters of Meribah,
based on her name.
God says, no, you don't.
Now, in a very similar situation to that,
we find this woman, man,
turned into a woman just to fit the
story,
explaining why he changed his name to her
name,
trying to
write himself into the story herself in
this case.
I explained why that was the case.
I explained why Dode responded so
negatively.
He didn't understand the role of the bull.
And then how, yeah, well,
and this is now Shamwell's account.
Shamwell was a contemporary of Dode.
He was the great and the last of
the great judges.
And he was a prophet of the first
order.
And writing contemporously of the events,
he explained that Dode flat out didn't
understand.
And he said then, yeah,
he had no clue how he was going
to move the Ark of the Covenant into
Jerusalem.
And then Yahweh demonstrated his zeal for
a man named Obed-Edom.
Of course,
God didn't explain why he loved Obed-Edom
in that text,
because it would be explained three
hundred years later by Yahweh through the
prophet Yahshua.
Because Obed-Edom,
the one who does the work,
From Edom.
Is the same as.
Zay.
Bo.
Men.
Edom.
The one who comes from Edom.
In the sixty third chapter of Isaiah.
Who saves many.
Making the connection that few have made
previously.
One doesn't have to be introduced or
explained.
Because one explains the other.
That's the whole purpose of Yahweh.
Revealing prophecy over the long.
Period of time.
And I explained why it was that this
was important,
because Obed-Edom and the man from Edom,
the same as that bull,
plays a starring role in the end,
positioning the Ark of the Covenant for
Dode, and as the bull,
is the one who was sacrificed on Teruah.
This is the story of the Anima Parah.
It is the single most important prophetic
event remaining in the lives of the
Israelites.
That was pretty profound.
And then I explained how using the Hebrew
grammar effectively,
Shamuel was able to explain in no
uncertain terms that Yahweh educated Dode
so he'd understood exactly what was going
on.
And once Dode did,
he realized that he could trust Obed-Edom,
his buddy,
to move the Ark of the Covenant into
Jerusalem.
its proper place a little bit edom clearly
knew the proper protocol had eight men
eight people assigned to the task which is
significant because eight individuals play
a starring role on shibuya terua and
throughout that number again throughout uh
suka which of course is an eight-day
celebration
Explained all of that, revealed all of it,
and then showed how Dode put on the
breastplate the ephod of the high priest
and how important it was because this
confirms that I was right when I was
the first to recognize that when Dode
returns on Yom Kippurim,
sunset on October second,
twenty thirty three.
that his first order of business is to
do with the Torah mandates on Kippurim,
which is to anoint the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant,
that he will do so as the high
priest.
I deduced that from Zachariah.
And here now in the presence of the
Ark of the Covenant,
Dode is wearing the ephod of the high
priest,
confirming exactly that this is a dress
rehearsal for what is to come.
And nothing else.
And you know why nothing else?
Because we're headed back to the garden.
And you know what they wore in the
garden?
Nothing else.
And it says that Dode was comfortable
being exposed in Yahweh's presence.
He had nothing to hide.
And how revealing that was.
And then I showed how all of the
trash talk by Dode's wife, Michael,
questions everything, was embittered.
It was disgusting.
She overtly denied that Dode was the one
that Yahweh had chosen,
that he was not dignified or distinguished
in his calling.
She did exactly what the psychopath at the
head of the mother goddess cult is doing
to me.
And since the whole story is embarrassing,
there is no reason for it to have
been included in Shamuel's very passionate
presentation of this event.
Unless it was specifically for Yahweh to
say, here's the ammunition.
She did it.
She, like Chawa in the garden,
is a reincarnation, if you will.
A harbinger.
of the very woman that drives this
rebellious cult that claims that there's a
mommy god now in response to that it
was you know offered freely that you can
go there's three or four episodes five i
think there's actually now what ten
episodes of uh of gabor maybe fifteen
quite a few yeah quite a few
You're invited to go to YouTube, X,
Facebook, Rumble, TikTok, wherever,
Instagram,
wherever your favorite place is,
they're all presented there.
And what we found last night is that
one of the flying monkeys of this occult,
Decided that rather than say, wow,
that is really an eye opener.
And now that I've seen how how this
woman embarrassed herself in the very same
way that we are embarrassing ourselves
towards you.
And now that I have learned the connection
here,
and it was nice of you to make
that connection between Obed-Edom of this
story and the man from Edom and Yahshua's
prophecy and how they both relate to Dode,
how they both relate to the Ark of
the Covenant and how that bull is
essential to the story and therefore why
Yahweh struck the man who became a woman
down who had interfered with his story.
and how even though the chosen one,
the very son of God,
made a mistake that he learned from,
showing the manner that Yahweh likes to
work.
Boy,
you did a lot of things in this
presentation.
I'm grateful.
Thank you for sharing them.
Nope, nope.
He said, you know,
I don't like it at all because I'm
not going to deal with anything that's in
Second Samuel because, of course,
it
tears our whole cult to ribbons.
I'm instead going to focus on the idea
that, well,
Dode knew that there were supposed to be
eight men carrying the Ark.
God didn't have to tell him.
Well,
the Chronicles account that was written
three to four hundred years later doesn't
even spell Dode's name correctly.
Uh,
rather than providing a passionate account
of the events as samuel saw them and
reported them to us focuses on details
that well one of these days i'll go
back into them because sometimes the
details can be very telling i'm not saying
that they're untrue it's just that there's
no passion to the story uh as recorded
in a truncated fashion over a number of
chapters
with the chronicles it doesn't contradict
the story as this individual was claiming
it just focuses on some details as opposed
to the passionate events that drive it to
the point of prophecy and so i want
to make a big deal about well there
were eight people and don't knew that had
to happen you know god made it very
clear to him i think it's pretty clear
to us now that
the men that are with her they all
are effeminate so why why even bring it
up other than just to be irascible and
then the then two chapters later there's a
uh a an ode to genealogies that um
ties obed edom which is a name
When you say Edom,
that means in most cases that someone who
is either representing or a descendant of
Esau, the man from Edom, of course,
is one who tries to restore the birthright
that was taken from him and restore the
fractured family because Esau lost his
birthright to Jacob.
And so there is no question that he's
in the same, you know,
discussion here and it's important to know
that and why god chose that name but
the fact that he's from edom yeah well
he's presented in the genealogy as if he
were a aloe and you know maybe there's
some interesting uh dna studies that show
that uh i can give you anecdotal evidence
yeah that uh ashkenazi jews carry about
one point eight percent of r one b
yeah in our genetic uh data
which is my primary genealogy.
So it is an interesting insight that this
person wanted to say, well,
then it negates the story that you told.
And no, it doesn't.
It's an interesting detail that can be
pursued at some time,
but it doesn't change any of the marvelous
insights that were provided.
You know what it is?
It's a bunch of male parrots parroting
what the queen bee wants them to say.
So under those circumstances,
under the fact that I'm constantly
bombarded with friends that say, you know,
I search for your name at places and
because they're hashtagging your name to
slander you.
It's called gang stalking.
Their sites come up before your even sites
come up.
That's how...
aggressive they have been in trying to
destroy you.
They're fixated on it.
So come to find out,
Yawa's not very pleased with that.
And come to find out,
they're not very smart because what they
say is easily undermined.
So this is a series that is devoted
to the mother goddess cult.
Actually,
this is Yawa's response to the mother
goddess cult.
The embittered and rebellious,
exceedingly irritating and vulgar,
They are wholly unappreciative and equally
ignorant, condescending and repugnant,
ungodly and delusional.
Hypocrites of the mother goddess cult have
now come out of the closet to expose
and condemn themselves.
They're little flying monkeys.
Always have a fit.
We're not mother goddesses.
How could you ever call us that?
That's so unfair.
Well, they came out of the closet.
They acknowledged we're mother goddesses.
They posted.
Now,
imagine the single most important
discovery that I made along the way.
is to prove that Yahweh's name, Y-H-W-H,
is pronounced Yahweh.
And if you go to the first volume
of An Introduction to God, here it is.
It's free at yadaya.com,
and it's entirely.
You can also buy it at Amazon.
This is the printed version from Amazon.
An Introduction to God,
which you'll find is an entire chapter
devoted to the absolute and irrefutable
proof that God's name is pronounced
Yahweh.
And they know it.
And I introduced it to them.
But they didn't want to.
They want to be different.
And so their first attempt was to make
the name Yahweh,
ignoring the sound of the wall.
And I'm going to share with you what
they had to convey in that regard because
it's so stupid.
Well, it's fitting for them.
Now they have gone back to,
and everyone in their cult has gone back
to, YHWH,
as if we're going to turn back the
clock.
Oh, they're reverts, huh?
Three, better part of three millennia.
to the stupidity of no one knows how
to pronounce the name.
But they know for certain.
And you can know for certain if you'll
open and read An Introduction to God
exactly how to pronounce Yahweh's name.
But they nonetheless wrote it Y-H-W-H.
It's not a name.
Those are four letters.
This name was pronounced.
It is pronounceable.
If you're going to do that,
you're negating Yahweh's name.
He wrote in the third statement that he
etched in stone that that is unforgivable.
That's a crime.
In their case,
it happens to be the least of their
problems.
YHWH is our father,
and then in all caps, screaming,
and our mother.
Idiots.
No, God is not.
Our acknowledgement of YHWH, not Yahweh,
YHWH.
Masculine singular.
When you start playing with Yahweh's name,
when you know better,
that is an unforgivable crime.
That makes sure.
That means that no matter what you do
in the rest of your life,
you cannot be included in the covenant.
You cannot enter Shemaim.
You're done.
The best you can hope for.
If you get to the point where God
says, ah, well, okay,
they were obnoxious for a while,
but they're not so troubling now,
is to not be sent to Sheol.
That is your greatest hope right now for
what you've just done in Yahweh's name.
Well, he is our father and our mother.
Our acknowledgement of YHWH as our father
does not take away from our
acknowledgement of YHWH also as our mother
and vice versa.
Oh, it sure as hell does.
Your father,
if you think she is your mother,
if you're going to negate his name,
he will never forgive you.
Cook the goose on that one.
Screwed, blued, and tattooed.
Over.
We are not fatherless.
Oh, yes, you are.
But rather embrace both of our creators.
Both of our creators.
You're fatherless.
What is that line in that Yahweh says?
There is none beside me.
None.
I am one fatherless.
Every place that Yahweh references
himself, he is singular.
I would say after the importance of his
name,
the next most important aspect of Yahweh
is that he is one.
Echad does not mean two.
It means one.
And to say otherwise is so repugnant,
so ultimately ignorant, so irrational.
It means that you're not doing this as
a mistake.
You're being deliberate in your attack on
God.
And thus he will be deliberate on his
attack on you.
And he has been,
and you will hear his deliberate attack on
those who attacked his name and his very
essence in these programs.
Both of our creators are Elohim,
our mighty ones, together as a family.
We are also not motherless.
Well, of course,
the mother goddess hates her mother.
Her mother hates her.
Said the orphan.
So the orphan claims that she is not
motherless now.
And all the little women that she brought
into her little groupie, they can all say,
oh,
we've been mothers so that we can relate
to this.
Are you out of your mind?
Yes, they are.
When did you sell your soul for such
tripe that you know not to be true?
Then this is their post.
YHWH with the YH in blue because he's
the boy.
And the WH in pink because, well,
that's the girl.
Then Ella Wayne said, oh, it says, yeah,
YHWH, the boy and the girl,
is our father.
That's the blue.
And our mother, that's the pink.
I sound like goddamn liberals.
Then Elohim said,
they're writing in English,
but they threw in, well, Elohim.
Don't you know how to translate?
If you're going to present the word of
God,
why don't you present it in a language?
You can say Elohim,
but you have to translate it first.
Let us, capital us,
make man in our image according to our
likeness.
So Elohim created the man in his image,
and in the image of Elohim,
he created him.
Male and female, he created them.
Bar Rashi, one, twenty-six and one,
twenty-seven.
To make that lie appear plausible?
They had to change the text.
They did what Shawa did in the garden.
Ah, what the hell?
So what if God said this?
I want it to read like such and
such.
That ain't what it says.
Nope.
And they can't be that stupid.
Well, maybe they are.
No, they just, they're like Jews.
They just make it up.
When it comes to doing these kinds of
things,
particularly changing Yahweh's name.
Yeah.
changing his reputation and identity.
God didn't carve out stupid as an excuse.
You know, you can't say, okay, okay,
you got me.
I made a mistake, but I was stupid.
It's not going to work.
It's not an excuse.
She knew.
Oh, but I love my mommy.
I want to have a mommy.
And it's not going to work as an
excuse.
Oh, the next one for, oh,
for the blue now, for the blue, honor.
Honor.
Kabed.
I think I shared a little kabed with
our listeners yesterday, didn't I?
Sure did.
Was it not Mikkel,
the one to be questioned,
who said that- Who came from the
questionable.
Dode had no Kabed.
He had no credibility.
He had no weightiness.
He had no esteem.
He wasn't worth anything.
He had made up all of the claims
about his relationship with Yahweh.
He had imagined him.
He had written himself into the story.
He had no Kabed.
And guess what Dode said?
since you mentioned the concubines and you
said that I didn't have any Kabed in
the presence of the concubines I want to
return to the concubines and we'll decide
if they think I have some Kabed or
not that's my boy so Kabed they chose
that word not knowing that Yahweh used
that word to denounce them and I shared
that story last night and still they can't
figure it out
intelligence is about making the proper
connections between things to understand.
And obviously they can't do that.
Honor your father, capital father,
and your mother, capital mother,
so that your days may be prolonged in
the land which, W-H-Y-H,
your Elohim is giving you.
Now, we're going to get to that statement,
and we're going to make our way to
it because it happens to be the second
statement on the second tablet as we
progress in this program.
And God is going to do a marvelous
job of denouncing everything that they
claim.
And this is, of course,
Shemar Torah with the little b. All right.
A wasp, more like it.
Well,
anyone with a functional brain and a
rudimentary appreciation of Yahweh and his
Torah guidance knows that this is
inaccurate.
It is unjustifiable.
It's slanderous.
And I would also add it's unforgivable.
Delusional.
I have come to enjoy Yahweh's rebuttals.
to such an extent.
They're very satisfying.
He has the ultimate,
as my wife just said,
he has the ultimately satisfying answer to
nonsense.
God can- Cut through the BS.
Can do an attack on nonsense better than
anyone.
He is really, really good at it.
And boy- And nails it down.
In this particular case,
one of the great treasures of these
nincompoops is that I-
God predicted they would do what they're
doing.
And he created all these wonderful
prophecies to denounce them,
to expose and denounce them.
And now we're able to go back and
see them.
And it's going, wow, you know,
this is really amazing the way you wove
that into this story.
And we're going to see that throughout.
So come to find out,
God doesn't much like the Mother Goddess
cult.
No.
or appreciate their misrepresentations of
him, his son, his name, his covenant,
his mikre.
Or the herald.
Or his herald.
Now,
since the graphic post presented the
malicious malcontents comprising a mother
goddess cult,
claiming that their creators, plural,
were a mother and father,
we'd be wise to consider how Yahweh
introduced his role in our Genesis in the
first line of the Torah.
You don't have to go very far to
figure this out.
And when we do,
we're left to ponder why Elohim is
masculine and not pluralistic.
More importantly,
if Yahweh is a hermaphrodite,
why is the verb bara created
Presented in Baba sheath Genesis one one
such that it's written in the third person
masculine singular That's because she
can't read oops,
oops Since he is masculine singular There
could not have been two creators with one
being a woman furthermore hermaphrodite
ism is a genetic mutation
that is chromosomal in nature and is a
defect, Yahweh isn't defective.
An hermaphrodite can reproduce as a
singular being and has both maternal and
paternal male and female characteristics.
And so what they're ascribing to Yahweh
is...
that he is a hermaphrodite.
That's just the bottom line.
Kind of like the Greeks.
That is what they're calling him.
He's very Greek.
And by the way,
there were a lot of gods back in
the day.
A lot of them were hermaphrodites.
In fact,
the most common depiction of
hermaphrodites
It's Bahomet is the, yeah,
Bahomet is the primary Christian rendition
of Satan.
And Bahomet is a hermaphrodite.
Male and female characteristics,
goatish horn, that sort of thing,
but hermaphrodite.
So turning God into a hermaphrodite turns
him into the longstanding presentation of
Satan.
Nice job.
Oh, nice job.
Nice job, girls.
So Yahweh began with this.
In, with, and among.
Even during and by.
The beginning from Rashid.
He created.
He conceived.
Call.
Perfect.
At that moment in time, actually.
Third person.
masculine singular.
You know,
you don't get to change the language.
The language of Revelation was written in
Hebrew, and in Hebrew,
the verb is scribed in the third person
masculine singular.
So you can't turn he into,
well- You can't be a liberal.
Let's play with pronouns.
And the transgender progressive world,
you get to choose your programs.
I'm it, I'm they.
Well, first of all,
that's why Hashatan is going after gender
identity, because it does matter.
It does matter.
Yes.
So, in, with, and among, from Ba,
even during, and by, the beginning,
he created, he conceived,
masculine singular, as God, Elohim,
the plural of El, which is masculine,
and it was written in the plural for
any number of reasons.
First, it was exceedingly common to,
convey the inclusive nature of things.
I will often say if I have,
I wrote that,
but I will say we learned in this.
And we use we a lot to try
to be inclusive with our audience.
It isn't to say we learned a lot
and I'm schizophrenic and there's multiple
me's.
It's a relational conveyance of speech.
And it is also designed to be inclusive
because Yahweh doesn't exist in the
constraints of time that we understand.
So one of the things we're learning is
that Yahweh has a group of souls that
he has woven throughout his story.
They're called by different names.
They're called by different titles.
But it's essentially the same cast of
characters that he runs through his story
because he knows that these individuals
are willing to learn.
They're willing to work.
And most important, he can trust them.
these are the things that didn't happen in
the garden they weren't willing to learn
they weren't willing to work and they were
not trustworthy and god found a group of
souls that says yeah you know whatever god
says i'm i am willing to do it
i'm i am here to do what god
asks i'm going to listen to him i'm
going to ask accordingly and prove it
reliably time and time again do not change
his words um and follow and go where
his words lead and so
He's very possibly even including them in
this.
It's a design to be inclusive.
Okay, so in, with, and among,
even during and by the beginning,
he created as God that which pertains to
the spiritual realms and that which
pertains to the material realm.
That's Bar-Rashid beginning Genesis one,
one.
Therefore, according to Yahweh,
he is our creator.
And he is masculine and singular.
He said it with the first verb.
Simple, direct, and irrefutable.
And that means that the mother goddess
cult protestations stating otherwise are
so pathetic and irrational.
It's a wonder they would admit to them,
thereby condemn themselves through such an
egregious deception,
particularly when God is so
emphatic that he is Ichad, one.
Although now recognizing that the
contributors to this MGC emerged from a
conspiracy cult,
they were already practiced at the
artifice of twisting,
isolated statements without regard for the
entirety of the evidence.
That's how conspiracies work.
That is after all the mother's milk of
conspiracy,
as is attacking others in a futile attempt
to resolve their inferiority issues in
their own lives.
Therefore,
they would have the uninformed belief that
they are valuable now because they are
mommies.
Maybe, just maybe, however,
the better alternative
might have been to have thought this
through and not joined a pagan cult
founded by a clinically diagnosed
psychopath and condemned themselves in the
process.
Well, maybe, just maybe.
Now,
since Yahweh is so effective at refuting
such nonsense,
let's consider the evidence cited by the
mother goddess cult as they claim that
their creators were comprised of a mother
and a father.
They cited Bar Rashid Genesis one twenty
six,
which is something I pointed out to them.
Oh,
better part of fifteen to twenty years ago
to substantiate their dubious assertion.
And yet the verb Amar said was written
in third person masculine singular.
Oops.
That's not possible if we are to believe
that there were two speakers and one was
a mother.
God does not have a wife.
Further,
why is Barah created constantly written in
the third person masculine singular if he
is not he?
Why is teslim, image,
masculine and not feminine or gender
neutral?
Why is the reference to the one conceived
in his image a man but not a
woman?
I guess God just isn't a liberal.
Enough questions.
Let's consider Yahweh's answers.
Then he said, from Amar, he conveyed,
call him perfect, third person, masculine,
singular, as God, masculine.
We will engage and make,
we will act to conceive, call imperfect,
first person plural, man, Adam, a male,
masculine singular in our image,
and likeness, but in fewer dimensions,
as a shadow of ourselves,
masculine singular.
akin to something similar to us resembling
a builder's draft or a sketch, ,
an artistic representation with the
sculpture, not God,
represented by the feminine noun.
They,
and they was written in the masculine
form,
plural, they, as men, can choose to rule,
ra, wa, rada, as masculine individuals,
they can direct, dominate, control,
or subdue, manage, or govern,
called imperfect, juzive, third person,
masculine, plural,
by way of an increase in the sea,
daga, ha, yam,
because
Increase is feminine, singular,
and see is masculine, singular.
With regard to that which flies about and
flies away, oath, flying to and fro.
That one is feminine and masculine,
singular.
She wanted to be a bird, right?
Of the skies, of the atmospheres,
masculine plural.
And with regard to the beast, bahimeh.
a feminine animal.
Oh, that one's singular.
They got that.
You can be the beast.
And with regard to all of the earth
and with regard to all of the creepy
crawlies, the ha-remes,
the creatures who creep about,
who crawl about, who swarm,
and who move around, ha-remes,
who slink and guide on the ground.
Now,
that part is part of what God said.
And there wasn't an ellipsis in their
statement.
They made it sound like, well,
that was a complete thought.
And they pulled all of that I just
read out of it, didn't they?
Why would they do that?
They think they're in a position to copy
edit God?
Are they the new rabbis?
Are they playing the role of Paul?
Yes.
So he created God.
He conceived and brought into existence.
Yes, it's masculine singular as God,
which is masculine.
That which pertains to the man.
He created the man.
Male, individual, masculine person.
And his image and likeness in fewer
dimensions with Tesla and Hugh being male.
Masculine.
So as a shadow of himself,
Tesla image and the pronoun you are both
masculine singular in the image and
likeness.
Again, Tesla masculine singular.
As the model.
Of God.
Masculine singular is the model of God.
He created that which pertains to him.
He conceived him.
Call perfect, third person,
masculine singular.
Both the object and the subject of the
verb.
Masculine singular.
A male and a memorable man, zakar.
This is interesting.
This is not Adam.
This is not Ish.
This is a very unusual word for man.
It's based on the verb zakar,
which means to remember.
And so if you want to take in
its verbal root,
which defines virtually every noun in
Hebrew, it would be memorable man.
So a male and a memorable man,
masculine individual who remembers,
reminds, and memorializes,
and a woman to bore.
This is not Isha.
This is Nakaba.
Nakaba.
A woman to bore, a female to perforate.
I wrote a song about that.
Nakaba, you did.
To pierce and to prick.
Yes.
feminine singular.
He created that which pertains to them,
masculine, as in the men, bara eth hem.
He conceived them with the creator
presented in the third person,
masculine singular,
and the created written in the third
person, masculine plural.
Hmm, doesn't fit their scenario, does it?
In fact, it rips it apart.
That's Bar Rashid Genesis,
the fullness of one twenty six and one
twenty seven cited as it now appears in
the Torah.
So in the statement.
That the Mother Goddess cult cited to
demonstrate their point,
there were seven teen proofs.
Provided by Yawa to irrefutably
demonstrate
that they were wrong.
From beginning to end,
their chosen citation presents Yahweh as
masculine, singular, and it never wavers,
it never varies from this reality
throughout.
Bahreshith.
and throughout the Torah and throughout
the prophets.
Never.
She's as full of it, she's delusional.
Further.
Even their favorite translator can see
through this ruse.
Chat GTP, by the way.
Oh, of course.
Further,
the second to last sentence says that a
masculine singular God created a masculine
singular man
in his image.
It does not say that men and women
were conceived in Yahweh's image.
Just man.
End of debate.
Yahweh wins again.
It's over.
Too bad, so sad.
You played, you lost.
Now,
the final sentence then states that a
masculine singular god created as a car,
a memorable man, and a nakama,
a woman to bore.
It suggests that there would be something
exceedingly memorable there.
regarding men in God's story who would
engage in a relationship with him.
But it also suggests there would be a
woman God would bore into,
piercing right through her duplicity.
Imagine that.
Oops, that's a Nakaba.
Make of all of that what you will.
Yeah, please do.
But there is no refuting that creating man
in his image is one cohesive and complete
thought.
And that conceiving a man and a woman
is another and unrelated to his image.
Again, God does not have a wife.
The teslam of Yahweh is not being
associated with the woman.
Therefore, God,
who presents himself as masculine
singular,
simply and directly stated that he created
a masculine singular man in his masculine
singular teslim image,
thereby completely destroying the mother
goddess theory.
Time for the Ashtari goddesses to go away
and stop irritating Yahweh.
They will go away.
When you claim to speak, well,
I could say,
speak for him and then lie,
but they don't.
They claim to speak for her.
Them.
And she doesn't ever speak.
And the only way they can speak for
her is to regurgitate whether the
psychopath acting as the true mother
goddess wants to convey.
They just make it up.
Now,
this is one of many times God has
obliterated us
the claims of the mother goddess cult
through his Torah guidance and with his
Nabi prophets.
The mother goddess cult is misrepresenting
God by turning our father into a mother,
thereby grossly misrepresenting Yahweh's
nature.
And that's why he calls you vulgar.
God is going to be emphatic as he
describes the creation of man and the
instructions to man and his relationship
with man.
And then his creation of woman for the
man.
And he's going to be explicit.
You may not like what he has to
say.
You may say that's not fair.
I disagree.
That's your prerogative.
You can dislike what God says all you
want.
I wouldn't recommend it.
But you're free to disagree with our
creator.
Say, no,
I think you should have done it a
different way.
Well,
maybe one day you'll get your own
universe.
Well, no,
you won't because you can't disagree with
Yahweh and get off this planet.
know the extent that i'm going to disagree
with yahweh i've acknowledged that i've
lost this argument and i i'm i only
hang cling to it now because i i
like losing to yahweh i think it's kind
of fun i i thought i could do
a better job of the platypus but the
more we learn about the platypus i've
obviously i've lost that argument and and
so be it but i'm not going to
turn god into a hermaphrodite
So they have misrepresented God.
Their deception is akin to the satanic
deity Baphomet.
I look at Rich on that one because
Rich, when we were talking about this,
immediately came to, well,
that's Baphomet.
Exactly.
When we first started talking about it,
I'm like, this sounds really familiar.
The worst shit I've read over my life.
This is right.
Seeing this one before,
Baphomet is the Gnostic idol.
That would be the Greeks that claim to
know it all.
with all of their pagan gods and
goddesses.
It's a Gnostic idol used by the Templars,
which were Roman Catholics and other
occultists.
The horned goat, Mahomet is a horned goat,
was a hermaphrodite with a variation of
its name becoming Mahomet, Muhammad.
the messenger of Satan in the Quran.
There is nothing funny about this,
of course.
It's really quite hellish.
This is a serious crime with incarceration
as the penalty, not death.
It is unforgivable, yes,
but it goes beyond that.
And there is no hope for these wayward
souls because theirs is a crime of
commission
not omission.
When they went so far as to open
a website to condemn me and Yada Yawa,
and then change Yawa's name,
and then wrote such horrid things about
God, they buried themselves.
The best any of them can hope for
now is that by relenting their
Pre-Sheol recompense will be limited to
the damage they have already done.
But they don't listen to me,
so they'll get a chance to listen to
Dode's herald as Dode delegates from Yawa
the responsibility of judging.
Well, I guess they'll listen to me then,
won't they?
Well,
not yet finished nullifying and vilifying
the mother goddess cult.
Yeah,
I would like you to know that they
lied once again when they opined that the
ten statements also validate their claims
of a mother god.
So let's consider his instructions.
What do you think the odds are that,
Leo?
Zero.
In this regard, from the beginning,
because unlike what they did,
we don't do that.
When I began with Yahweh,
he established some ground rules.
And one of the ground rules was you
don't ever just pluck something out of a
narrative.
We call it quote mining.
It's called quote mining, cherry picking,
because it is the very essence of how
people deceive.
Yep.
And so I don't do that.
I'm gonna start at the beginning.
And I think it's instructive to do so.
And I think you will appreciate God's
comprehensive denouncement and refutation
as we make our way to this.
Because there's a lot of wonderful
insight.
That is the beauty of this.
There is a teaching moment.
The reason I'm willing to do this is,
well, one is that I work for Yahweh.
If Yahweh presented a prophecy that
pertains to something that is pertinent,
I'm going to share it.
I always do that,
that he directs me to what he wants
me to translate.
I do so and I share what I
learn.
That's just the way that we have worked
for all of this time.
But one of the reasons that God,
and I've said this twenty four years ago,
one of the reasons that Yahweh is keen
on providing prophecy isn't just to prove
that he exists, which prophecy does,
and prove that you can trust what he
has revealed, which it does.
Yes.
But it also serves to educate us.
You're going to find as we go into
it that God was not the least bit
happy with Adam and Chawa.
They bored him out of his mind.
They were useless.
And so it's Yahweh that actually caused
the fall of man.
And we're gonna go into those statements
because they're really relevant to this.
And the antidote for that is listening to
God, which they didn't do.
Acting accordingly, which they didn't do.
Learning so we can show our teacher that
we're interested in what he's sharing with
us and we're capable of growing.
And then doing, acting, engaging,
contributing, which they didn't do.
And when we make a mistake,
which God wrote the instructions such that
we could make a mistake,
learn from that mistake and grow from it
and show that when we fall,
we can get back up as opposed to
run away and hide.
Hide from our mistakes.
I think they have grown.
I think they've grown Sheol.
I think they have.
All right.
So anyway,
so this is the purpose of God's teaching
is it's the antidote for what went wrong
in Gan Eden.
And since we're headed back to Gan Eden.
I want you to know it because the
more you know, the more you can grow,
the more prepared you can be,
the more you can show Yahweh that you're
trustworthy, that you're interesting,
that you are worth his trust,
that he will take you off of this
planet and go explore the universe with
you because he knows that you are going
to listen to him.
So this reads, and he conveyed,
Hmm, starts off with he communicated,
he spoke, he wrote,
he provided instruction and direction.
This is an appeal imperfect,
ongoing consequences,
going to affect the object of the
statement.
And the third person, masculine singular.
So the subject God causes the object of
these words to be effective,
enabling and empowering them with ongoing
and unfolding implications over time as a
function of his will and the third person
masculine singular as God plural of L
masculine,
denoting a desire to be inclusive
in early literature,
as well as the royal we of conversation.
All of these statements using words in our
presence, providing perspective by saying,
this is Shemoth Names, Exodus XXI.
I am, first person, singular.
Yahweh, from the Hebrew vowels, yod, hey,
wah, hey.
And because I go to great lengths to
explain exactly how you can be assured
that that's the way to say it,
don't need to belabor it here other than
to say that Yahweh told Moshe that his
name was based on the Hebrew verb haya,
which he wrote in the first person,
which means I am, I was,
I will be.
And Hayah tells you how to pronounce the
ah, the hey, and the yod.
It's Hayah.
So the first two letters in Yahweh's name
would be Yah, Hayah.
And the last letter in Yahweh's name would
be Ah.
He told us this,
revealing this to Moshe in a book that
we have wonderful copies of going back
now, twenty three,
twenty four hundred years.
In fact,
we even have a little silver scroll that
takes this conversation all the way back.
Thirty four hundred years to the time of
the exodus.
So we know that this is a consistent
and accurate rendering of God's name.
It's written this way nearly seven
thousand times and the extant documents
that we have.
And so we know that it's Yah and
the Ah.
But the book, the book,
the book that he wrote it in,
let's see, that is the Torah,
which is from the verb Yara,
and it means to teach, to guide,
to direct, and to instruct.
So if there were instructions, perhaps,
on the proper pronunciation of Yahweh's
name, you might find it in Torah, right?
Where do you think you get the O
sound from Torah?
From the Wah.
And what is the most commonly repeated
greeting among Hebrews?
Shalom.
Where do you think you get the O
sound in Shalom?
From the wa.
There are hundreds of Hebrew words where
the wa is pronounced O.
And that carries right through into
English,
where there are hundreds of English words.
where the W is pronounced as a vowel
as the O sound, own, owl,
as examples of that.
So it is clearly Yahweh.
Now, as I've said in this volume,
I give many, many hundreds of examples.
I go through the entire Hebrew lexicon and
demonstrate without any doubt that the
proper pronunciation of Yahweh
God's name is Yahweh.
All right, so I am, singular, Yahweh,
your God,
who relationally and beneficially, Asher,
brought you out and delivered you from the
realm of the crucibles of oppression,
Mitzrayim, out of the house of slavery,
Exodus, names Shemoth, twenty-two.
you will not continue to exist.
You will neither function nor move
forward, live nor appear with other,
anyone else's, a different, an extra,
or an additional gods, like a mommy god,
over, above, or around, elevated beyond,
or in addition to,
my presence my appearance both ani my and
pana are singular and presence is
masculine shemoth names exodus another
nail in the coffin of the mother goddess
cult pounded in by yahweh
So Yahweh is not only God's one and
only name.
He continues to present himself as
masculine and singular and therefore not
as a hermaphrodite or a father and mother.
Adding Ahar,
another different or extra persona,
whether masculine or female,
to him nullifies one's existence.
Thereby the members of the mother goddess
cult committed suicide by doing so.
Yahweh gets even more specific in exposing
and condemning the deceitful, destructive,
deadly,
and damning scheme of the mother goddesses
by telling us that we should never
associate a masculine object of worship
with a feminine representation of
something in the heavens,
like a heavenly mother.
Yahweh goes so far as to call what
the mother goddess cult has done ma'al,
adultery.
Guilt by being unfaithful as a result of
engaging in a relationship with another
highly esteemed and venerated individual.
God is obviously very good at finding and
refuting numbskulls who misrepresent him.
Listen in.
You should not continue to associate
yourself, engage or act,
doing something with or serving a
religious image or masculine object of
worship, a peshel,
or any feminine representation, form,
or image of something, a temunah.
which is in the heavenly or spiritual
realms,
because it is a violation of the standard
and an act of adultery.
It incurs guilt and shows unfaithfulness
by engaging in a relationship with another
individual perceived to be high and
mighty, valued above others.
nor which is as a result of the
relationship is on the earth below,
succeeding another,
or which is in the waters beneath the
land.
Shemoth, Exodus, verse twenty-four.
Now this instruction.
while generally in opposition to religion,
is specific of the crime committed by the
Mother Goddess cult.
They have come to associate themselves
with the combination of a masculine object
of veneration with a feminine
representation associated with the
spiritual realm.
This is a violation of Yahweh's
instructions and considered to be
religious infidelity."
Yeah,
we have such a brilliant communicator.
If you listen closely,
you're sure to find exquisite jewels in
the midst of elucidating nomenclature.
And in this case,
the stone that God is tossing from his
sling to topple the mother goddess cult is
Chawa.
It is the actionable representation of
Adam's troublesome woman,
a woman
Who wanted to become a goddess.
Let's listen.
After saying you can't have a masculine
and feminine.
Object of worship.
God says.
Because it's adultery.
You should not speak about.
Them.
Or you're on your own initiative.
You should not venerate them.
Nor initiate a practice of bowing down and
worshiping them.
lo chawa lahem there's your feminine right
there well not only is chawa feminine
because it the verb and the name are
written identically chawa is the name of
the woman that yahweh created for the
benefit of adam that decided that she
could change
God's instructions that she saw fit
because she wanted to be a goddess.
Chawa is her name.
This verb is Chawa.
It's negated.
So it says, don't be like Chawa.
You should not speak about them on your
own initiative.
Venerate them.
Him, lahem is the them.
Venerate them or venerate.
Initiate a practice of bowing down and
worshiping them.
You should not continue to promote their
message on your own accord or display
their words because such uncoerced and
ongoing verbal declarations and
announcements will influence you.
Hit by L, imperfect, Joseph,
second person, masculine, singular.
And you shall not habitually serve them or
nor compel anyone to be passionate about
them,
which is exactly what the mother goddess
has done.
You should not continually work or labor
in their cause or influence someone to
make a career of working as their
ministers, hopeful, imperfect,
second person, masculine, singular.
For indeed, I, first person, singular,
Yahweh, as transliterated,
as directed in his Torah teaching
regarding his higher existence, your God,
I am a fiercely protective,
steadfastly loyal, and jealous God,
kana El,
a God who is desirous of exclusivity in
a deeply devoted relationship.
El is masculine, singular.
Actually counting and reckoning the
perversity of twisting and distorting,
the depravity of perverting and
manipulating,
the masculine and feminine and incurring
resulting guilt of the women as parents.
Both, most people haven't noticed this.
I happen to have a fact checker who
I dearly love,
who's actually written a paper on this
subject,
that there are a number of words that
are exceedingly important for God to
communicate something about.
where the plural of a masculine word gets
the feminine ending.
So ab is father,
but the oath ending is feminine plural.
The perversity of distorting of women as
parents upon the children concerning the
third and fourth generations,
or if I might change that,
women acting as if they were men.
Concerning the third and fourth
generations of those who actually dislike
and shun me,
of those who are openly hostile and averse
to me, me being singular,
literally striving maliciously against me,
shunning me by refusing to engage in a
relationship with me, singular,
all participle,
serving as a literal and vivid depiction
as a verbal adjective with ane,
me being singular.
Wow.
That's a major wow, folks.
Lo Chawa is a direct refutation of the
mother goddess cult.
It means don't be like Chawa,
whose ambition was to become a goddess and
to pretend to know more than Yara.
That is such an interesting and pertinent
story.
The conclusion of this initiation of the
review,
we're going to consider what actually
occurred in the garden.
I have rendered it all afresh and analyzed
it,
and I think you're going to be amazed
with what we're going to learn.
Well, mother goddesses are not,
it's a wholesale repudiation of them,
prophetic repudiation of them.
You're gonna find out why it's so
applicable.
that Yawa etched the verbal representation
of Chawa's name in stone to refute the
one who would be acting like her today,
having learned nothing over the six
thousand years.
Now, beyond this revealing,
I would underline revealing connection
between
degenerating cults of personality and
misrepresenting the testimony of God in
satanic overtures,
we find Yahweh pleading with us not to
venerate any male or female form as a
god or a goddess.
Do not serve these reprehensible
fabrications of one's imagination or
passionately plead with others to join in
and be part of these ill-conceived
schemes.
Yahweh is fiercely protective of his
reputation and he does not want it sullied
by false characterizations.
That's what religion is for.
From God's perspective,
the notion of a mother God is perverse.
It is a grotesque distortion and twisted
manipulation of his testimony.
It is ashery.
mother goddess,
and worthy of condemnation and death.
Further,
please note the seldom considered anomaly
as I shared in this portion of the
text.
Yahweh suffixed ab, father,
and the feminine plural, using oath,
making father feminine plural,
either as women acting as if they were
Men,
as mothers acting as if they were fathers,
someone blending the two of these things
together, mothers and fathers,
in this rebuke of those who venerate
fraudulent male and female replacements of
his actual nature.
That is to say,
turn a father into a mother or pretend
there are two when only one exists.
Oops.
This was a brilliant addition by Yahweh
for two reasons in particular.
First, he knew that, well,
I would find it.
Mike found it before I found it,
but I didn't remember that he found it
in particular, this particular word,
until he sent me the text after having
done this translation.
But it's there.
It's easily affirmed.
But I found it, I noted it,
I understood the implications and I have
wielded it appropriately,
which is to say that I have done
as he expected.
The world heretofore has read right
through the blending of masculine and
feminine only to see fathers when the
intent was to say mothers acting like
fathers,
confused over the proper roles of fathers
and mothers who would corrupt
all who are influenced by them.
Subtle yet sensational.
So it's time for the mother goddess cult
to crawl back into their hole.
Never to be seen or heard from again.
And second,
by making father feminine plural,
God has completely eliminated any
possibility of interpreting the fifth
instruction such that it pertains to
honoring the mother's
who are being condemned here for their
religious deceit.
Also telling,
Yawa is equating the conception and the
promotion of inappropriate male and female
forms with maliciousness.
Rather than demonstrating an affinity for
him, devotion to him,
or garnering respect regarding him,
God says that these mothers are being
overtly hostile toward him.
The mother goddess cult is actually
shunning Yahweh.
God sees them as an adverse influence.
Therefore,
our father will focus on his attention.
Well,
he's gonna focus his attention on others.
However,
God's begins.
I will genuinely act and actually engage
to literally prepare, perform,
and produce.
I will actively affect and appoint,
offer and celebrate,
and I will demonstrate by doing what is
required to deliver on behalf of those who
respond.
Call, participle,
that's a verbal noun and should be
understood literally,
written in the masculine singular,
absolute.
Loyal and devoted love, unfailing mercy,
unearned favor and genuine kindness on
behalf of thousands who move toward me and
who love me and also who approach me
by closely observing and carefully
considering.
Who closely examine, call participle,
my instructive conditions of the
relationship, mitzvah.
Shemoth, names, Exodus, twenty-six.
Now, ladies and gentlemen,
thousands amongst billions is one in a
million.
God's not looking for a crowd.
To be among the fortunate few,
the lone acceptable approach is to ahab,
to genuinely love Yahweh for who he is.
and then approach by closely examining and
carefully considering his mitzvah,
the instructive conditions of the
relationship.
Of these, there are five specified terms,
all of which were initially delineated and
presented within Yada Yahweh.
Now you may have noticed that the mother
goddess cult changed Yahweh to Yah-wah,
And then they reverted to YHWH with YH
presented in powder blue to portray our
father and WH colored in pinkish orange to
represent our mother.
But it gets worse because the MGC would
litter their plagiarized and twisted
versions of my translations and amplified
presentation style
with the following nonsense.
You can bring this up, Rich,
so that they can see firsthand what they
have done.
Yah-wah.
A pictorial of the family of Elohim,
which includes father, the yod, the hand,
as the strong arm executes directives and
supports the efforts of mother, the wah.
which is a tent peg,
who expands and secures the family home
with Torah teaching, instruction,
direction, and guidance.
And we're two little children,
two little children,
who by standing on their feet and reaching
up to father and mother become mature,
empowered, and enabled individuals.
Well, that
is a plagiarized version of my copyrighted
translation style.
Everything that they did with it is wrong.
And that's the worst thing of all.
They are using a style that I invented
to present amplified translations such
that every word was verifiable.
This is that style.
To steal the style that I invented,
that I used to write all of these
books,
twenty five thousand pages and pilfer it
and then distort it for their own good
or their own bad is absolutely criminal
and reprehensible.
And they continue to do it.
in this excerpt violating my approach in
copyrights.
You wouldn't know that unless you read my
books.
But if you read my books,
any of my books,
you will know that I invented an entirely
different way of presenting Yahweh's
testimony in an amplified fashion with the
bold, the italics, the standard font,
the parenthetical, the hyphen, all of it.
Very, very unique.
No one has ever done anything even
remotely like it before.
And they just pilfered it.
It's disgusting.
It's criminal.
But beyond the fact that they breached my
copyrights,
passed themselves off if they were me,
like Chawa, Covenant Yada, and the tree.
They claimed that the yod, the hand,
represents the father, didn't they?
Do you know that yod, hand,
is feminine in Hebrew?
Oops.
But that wasn't the end of it.
Then they said that the wa,
the peg to increase the size of the
tent, was their mommy, mother.
But guess what?
Wa is masculine in Hebrew.
Caught them both wrong.
Further,
the letter he is derived from the
masculine noun he, which means whoa.
The letter is repeated in the verb haya,
which serves as the basis of Yahweh's name
and it means to exist.
equally revealing the letter depicted by a
man standing up, looking up,
pointing up is defined by henna,
which means to behold.
And that is particularly telling not only
because it means to behold, to look up,
to pay attention and to be observant,
it is written with a child placed between
the two adult individuals.
The two people standing up can't be the
mother and father.
All right, excuse me.
They have them can't be the children
because the child is between them.
They got that wrong too.
Therefore the haze cannot be children as
the mother goddess cult protests.
In other words, they got everything wrong.
They were O for four.
Nicely done.
The consequence of changing Yahweh's Shem,
by the way,
which is also masculine singular,
is as follows.
You should not continue to deceive,
nor should you ever tolerate or support
delusions.
Lo nasha.
You should not habitually deploy or
advance clever tricks.
Oh boy,
was that ever an attempt at a clever
trick?
To enrich yourself by indebting others,
which is exactly what they're doing.
And you should avoid actually beguiling
people.
Oh, another one.
On an ongoing basis,
which is what they're doing,
by consistently lifting up,
promoting or forgiving that which causes
them to miss the way.
Hello, Nasha.
Call imperfect.
Second person.
Masculine.
Singular.
Associated with the masculine name and
reputation.
Shem.
The personal and proper designation.
Masculine.
Singular.
Of Yahuwah.
your God,
thereby advancing worthless and lifeless
depictions of futile vanities and
worthless idolatry.
For Yahweh,
he will not forgive or leave unpunished as
an ongoing admission unconstrained by time
He will not purify or pardon.
He will not acquit or free from guilt.
He will not exempt from judgment or
sentencing.
Peel and perfect, third person, masculine,
singular.
The one who consistently deceives,
actually beguiles, and habitually deludes,
promoting or accepting trickery so as to
forget his name and his masculine,
singular reputation.
shim hue to advance and promote vain and
ineffectual lies which lead to
lifelessness nullifying one's existence
and vain futility show shemoth names
exodus name by the way is another one
of those that is uh interesting in the
ending now
This is the essence of what the mother
goddesses have done.
Now, for their benefit,
there are some people they lured in that
I once held very dear.
And I do not know,
it's not my business to know at this
point,
whether or not they have contributed so
much to this delusion and have contributed
so much
to the misrepresentation of Yada Yawa,
of Yada's purpose, of Yawa's name,
his character,
that they've passed the point of no return
or not.
As for the mother goddess, she's done.
For her primary accomplices that have been
so active throughout the internet to
promote their lives, they're done.
But there's a possibility.
I'm hoping there is,
for others that are part of her cult
that just were stupid.
They took a stupid pill.
Okay, they got played.
Psychopaths are really good at playing
people.
They lie to them.
They will tell them exactly the opposite
of true.
A publisher, for example,
there's no one other than my wife that
I stood up for as much as I
did her.
always had her back, always supported her,
always cared for her.
But I am certain the mother goddess told
it exactly the opposite.
When it was, in fact,
that mother goddess who was always
besmirching her,
saying she's easy to control,
I can manipulate her.
She's not very smart.
In other words, she played her.
Who knows why she fell for it,
but she did.
And maybe there's a way out for her.
I hope there is.
But this was written in the imperfect,
which means that once you stop,
there can be hope for you.
But if you don't, there isn't.
Well, Yahweh Shem is masculine singular,
and it's not subject to a dualistic gender
interpretation.
Even worse for those destroying his shim
to advance their delusions,
Yahweh stated that he will not forgive or
leave unpunished.
He will not forgive or leave unpunished.
To forgive,
not forgive means that at the end of
your mortal existence,
your soul simply dissipates into
nothingness, no reward, no penalty.
You forfeited the opportunity to live in
Shamaim, that's a shame, but that's it.
Leave unpunished is another story
To never leave unpunished means that he
must exact retribution,
which means that your soul will be going
to Sheol.
That's how serious it is,
this crime that the mother goddesses have
committed.
Nothing cute about it.
They have used trickery to deceive and to
beguile in association with Yahweh's name.
He scribed the verb condemning them
in a masculine singular voice,
nullifying their claims and obliterating
their mythology.
Now continuing to negate the hermaphrodite
designation, the Shabbat is for hem, you.
Therefore,
with this acknowledgement and noting that
every verb attributed to Yahweh throughout
was written by God himself as masculine
singular,
the mother goddesses are utterly
delusional.
We're reading from the tablets that were
etched by God himself in stone.
Ain't no wiggle room here.
It begins.
Remember the memorable man, Zakar.
the representative of the Shabbat,
this day which is set apart for him,
not her, him.
Six days,
you can actually continuously work and
act,
engaging in everything associated with
your malaka, a spiritual messenger.
But in the seventh day,
the Shabbat is to approach Yahweh,
your God.
You should not continually engage in any
part of the work of the heavenly
representative and spiritual messenger.
From Malak,
the ministry and mission of the heavenly
envoy,
the divine endeavors and labor of God's
corporeal manifestation or this individual
representing him.
yourself your son your daughter your
female and male servants and staff your
means of production as well as those
visitors who relationally are in your home
property or community for indeed in six
days yahweh he acted and engaged preparing
and producing everything associated with
completing the heavens and the earth and
the seas and all that is relationally in
them.
And he became completely settled and
spiritually resolved during the Almighty's
seventh day.
Therefore, Yahweh, he blessed and adored.
He knelt down and lowered himself to greet
those he had created,
and he did everything to lift them up.
masculine singular, this day,
this Shabbat.
And he set it apart for himself.
While Kodeshu,
he separated himself as in Yahweh or the
day from others making him special or it
special.
Yahweh presented himself as the subject of
four verbs.
And in every case,
he wrote himself into his instructions in
stone as masculine singular.
Simply stated,
there are no goddesses to be found.
On the two tablets,
Yahweh etched in stone.
Now,
this brings us to the inscription of the
mother goddess cults,
that the one that they misrepresented in
their little placard of their mommy, God.
Of our creators,
plural father and a mother.
However,
you'll note that there is no designation
of Shamaim, heavenly, or Ruach, spiritual,
before Ab or Em in this statement.
You should choose to weigh,
to view as worthy and valuable,
significant and substantial,
honorable and rewarding.
Kabod.
You of your own volition should elect to
distinguish, to respect,
to perceive as impressive and relevant,
even enriching.
It's written in the appeal stem,
revealing that you cause this father to be
seen as valuable.
That's interesting.
Your actions actually change the way this
particular father is perceived.
And in the imperative mood,
which expresses second person volition,
this is your choice.
according to the symbolism of F,
your father,
and that which is represented by your
mother.
For the purpose of you continuously
lengthening a rock, elongating,
prolonging, hyphal, perfect, third person,
masculine, plural, paragogic, none,
your days upon or on account of the
ground.
Ha-adamah.
It's either the dirt or the bloody red
man of the earth.
Ha-adamah.
It's the man, ruddy red.
The adjective is used to describe the
parah,
the productive bull that is the basis of
Edom,
further identifying the adamah parah with
the man from Edom,
which is a benefit of the relationship.
and who as a blessing to show the
way, Yahweh, your God,
he is actually giving to you.
He has literally produced and will provide
and genuinely bestow freely to you as a
gift.
The mother goddess cultists would offer
this as proof of their mother God,
but that's not possible.
because the only time God is mentioned,
it is with a masculine title.
And when Yahweh presents himself as the
subject of the verb Nathan giving,
he wrote himself into his instruction as
masculine singular.
So it can't be as they claim because
in the verb
Nathan, in the midst of this text,
God identified himself as masculine
singular,
not as two and not as man and
woman.
Therefore, he is one and masculine.
He cannot be two and feminine.
The mother goddess cult has once again
lost in the very place that they had
intended to prevail.
The Ab and Em.
of this concluding statement are not
identified.
There is no mention of a heavenly before
father or a spiritual before mother.
Therefore,
we must ascertain their identity is based
upon the surrounding text.
And in it,
Yahweh says that as a result of weighing
what pertains to them as worthy,
one's days will be elongated on the
ground, on the ground.
He did not reference or promise eternal
life in heaven as a result of your
perceptions of these two people.
And there is the implication that the gift
Yahweh is offering comes by way of
Ha-adamah,
the bloody red man of the earth who
God is offering.
providing to Asher reveal the way to
receive the benefits of the relationship.
So as such,
this may well be prophetic of how Yom
Teruah will enable a return to the garden
on Sukkah,
something that God wove throughout his
creation and garden narrative.
Now,
what we know for certain is that this
instruction cannot be addressing
are earthly parents since the second
statement revealed that they are
corrupting their children and they're
doing so for generations.
So since the women acting as if they
were men and mothers acting as if they
were fathers corrupt their children to the
third and fourth generation,
they can't be the ones who you would
view as significant to lengthen your days
on the ground.
It cannot be our Heavenly Father either,
since he does not prolong our mortal
existence on earth,
but instead provides eternal life in
Shamaim for those who listen and respond
appropriately to him.
There is no reference to a spirit mom
anywhere in the Torah,
including the notion that this magically
is referencing a non-existent persona.
Now,
this leaves us with two rational
alternatives.
The first is to see the father as
Abraham and the mother of Sarah,
because they are the father and the mother
of the covenant.
Sharing their narrative is central to the
mission of Ha-Adamah,
this bloody red man of the earth,
who is the man from Edom.
His... He is... Yeah, it was...
gift to the covenant family the covenant
is life moreover recruiting the or
inheriting i should say the land was
specifically and repeatedly listed as a
benefit of the covenant so since
inheriting the adamah is a benefit of the
covenant you would increase the days on it
if you show some regard for what
abraham and sarah represent as they are
the conduit through which yahweh conveyed
the conditions and the benefits of the
bereth now i happen to like that that
is my conclusion um one of uh women
who has proven herself to be a stalwart
within the covenant family somebody that
just everyone loves and recognizes her
both insight and dependability.
She's someone always willing to work,
to do as needs to be done.
She sent me a note and much of
what I'm going to convey here,
she actually conveyed and then I took it
the next step.
Recognizing that Yahweh layers his
pronouncements
The second possibility,
and this is from Moriah,
is that we should value our role as
parents and prioritize this aspect of our
lives.
This is not only consistent with Yahweh's
role as our Ab father and completely
supportive of everything he is offering
through his Bereth covenant family.
This is something that I added.
The fifth instruction.
Now,
this is the fifth statement etched in
stone.
This fifth instruction hearkens back to
the fifth condition of the covenant.
As parents,
we are to circumcise our sons so that
we remember to guide them toward the
covenant.
In fact, sons is even zakar,
underscoring remembering.
Circumcision is the sign of the covenant
because it is a parent's signature in
vowing to raise their children to become
part of Yahweh's family.
Well, it's goodbye and good riddance.
The mother goddess cult has condemned
themselves.
Yahweh just exposed them.
and excoriated them using the very texts
that they cited i have much more to
share and we will resume on our next
program tomorrow morning because we're
going to return to the garden we're going
to explore why yawa wrote the actionable
variation of chawa's name into the second
statement that he etched in stone
regarding venerating a male and female
object of worship.
And when we do, I can assure you,
you're going to be amazed at how effective
God is at telling a story and providing
insights that are literally profoundly
important to our lives.
So I'll hold that as an advance,
as a teaser for our next program.
I thank you for listening to this one.
We will resume on the mother goddesses
tomorrow morning.
Thank you for listening.